OCPBUGS-60988: Added update secret step to insights-operator-new-pull… (#98358)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telemetry-consequences-of-disabling-telemetry.adoc

* Red{nbsp}Hat can better understand how product upgrades impact clusters. 
* Connected clusters help to simplify the subscription and entitlement process.
* Connected clusters enable the {cluster-manager} service to offer an overview of your clusters and their subscription status.

Consider leaving health and usage reporting enabled for pre-production, test, and production clusters. This means that Red{nbsp}Hat can participant in qualifying {product-title} in your environments and react more rapidly to product issues.

The following lists some consequences of disabling remote health reporting on a connected cluster:

* Red{nbsp}Hat cannot view the success of product upgrades or the health of your clusters without an open support case.
* Red{nbsp}Hat cannot use configuration data to better triage customer support cases and identify which configurations our customers find important.
* The {cluster-manager} cannot show data about your clusters, which includes health and usage information.
ifndef::openshift-origin[]
* You must manually enter your subscription information in the `console.redhat.com` web console without the benefit of automatic usage reporting.
endif::[]

> In restricted networks, Telemetry and Insights data still egts gathhered through the appropriate configuration of your proxy.

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
In restricted networks, Telemetry and Insights data still gets gathered through the appropriate configuration of your proxy.
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
